How are you?
The one who let you see and understand, do it for me
President of Time Mollen Group
President of Time Storm Group
The two presidents of Busch are here
Today we will give it to Mr. Xiao
Chen Tianze
Mo Long and Feng Yu
This trip is all for Ben Shao
What ink dragon do you take?
Why don't you ask them what they gave you?
What do you mean?
We give the Xiao family Song Zong
Dare to offend Boss Chen of Dynasty Group
Your Xiao family must be removed today
Dynasty Son
Because this third-rate boy wants to be named after my Xiao family
triple stream
Excuse me.
Just a few days ago
Dynasty Group has become the number one wonder of the world
I want to cap the news
Just to remind you of despair
Didn't you do whatever you wanted with the money of your Xiao family?
I will fulfill you
These are hard-to-live deposits
There's more to come.
Don't worry, I will be there day by day.
broken pastime
Take away
Why would I lose to you?
Thank you for saving me today
Shangguan Yarou's favorability reaches 100
The host has successfully completed all Muse missions
System logout is in progress
No.
Why are you here?
What's wrong with me?
How is the Xiao family?
The Xiao family has been removed from the list
You suddenly fainted in the Central Plains
Scared me to death
The system suddenly logged off
Caused my coma
Mr. Chen Tian, can you?
Be merciful everywhere, please
So many beautiful women around you
You have to choose one today.
Tell me who to choose as your wife, I choose
Really?
Then I choose
I choose
you
Chen Tianze, I am him